{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh9000\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
add pref to not make playlist in itunes\
can wav's be imported directly\
drutil cdtext         Displays CD-Text present on an audio CD.\
encoding options in comment\
grouping tag in lame\
------------------------\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1 \cf0 Tunes LAME is now proving to be my preferred encoding system, but there's some things I find myself having to do for every import that would be handy to have as prefs to set once and be used thereafter. \
\
 Leave blank the Disc ? of ? tags if only one disc.. \
 Leave blank the total number of tracks tag \
\
 Can these be included\
\
\
---------------------\
\
\

\f0 \

\f1 I'll add an overwrite existing comments option in the next version. I wasn't putting it in if there were comments there already.
\f0 \

\f1 \
----------------\
Is there any way to specify that the track number is padded with 0s up to the maximum number of digits required for tracks on that album? IOW, no padding required with less than 10 tracks and a single 0 used for tracks 1-9 when there's up to 99 tracks etc. A common feature of other encoders. \
\
 What's the current best LAME version to use on a G4? \
\
 Is it possible to upgrade LAME by simply replacing the executable stored in iTunes-LAME.app?\
\
\
\'ca\
--------\
iTunes LAME is now proving to be my preferred encoding system, but there's some things I find myself having to do for every import that would be handy to have as prefs to set once and be used thereafter. \
\
 Leave blank the Disc ? of ? tags if only one disc.. \
 Leave blank the total number of tracks tag \
\
 Can these be included?\
\
-----------\
 Anyway, another thought has occurred to me. Rather than putting LAME info in the comments field, it would make a lot of sense (to me at least) if the 'Encoder' tag were filled in. I cannot find any utility to allow modification of this, but by default iTunes does specify the encoding settings you used, EXCEPT when iTunes-LAME is used - this leaves it blank which is a waste. \
\
 Could iTUnes-LAME put its info into the 'Encoder' tag like iTunes does. I'd like to suggest this for the futur}